https://codepen.io/thecuriousones/pen/qBqrEXX?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It's the use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of information in websites rather then it just 
	being defined by its look.
    2. What is HTML used for?
	It's a code used to structure a website and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Are words used to include information in an element that we don't want to render on the page
	and they go after the element's name. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 tag is used to present the most importaant subject matter of the page, there should be 
	only one h1 tag per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	The anchor tag and the image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 The title of our document or important keywords that explain our document.
    7. What is an id?
	It's a title that can only appear on a single element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Many elements, multiple different elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Only one time. 
    10. What is a class?
	A title that can appear on many elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Any elements, multiple elememts.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	As many times as needed. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	By adding in an anchor element and using the href attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	To provide alternative information to the user in the case that they cannot access the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	By using an id selector.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	One is semantic the other one isn't.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	Cascading Style Sheets
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Put the name of the element h2 then brackets contains your adjustments to that element.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Id can be used to indentify one element whereas a class is used to indentify more than one. For
	example id can be "#firstname{......} amd class can be .intro{....}/
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	By putting an "." before a particular class for example ".container"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human-p {....}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	It's a selector that is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements. 
	This is useful when you need to select elements with a specific parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div > sidecar.a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It's a selector used to select elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	The line-height css property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	The letter-spacing css property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	The CSS text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	By adding a css outline property to your code and adjusting it to what you need.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	By using the "*" selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	A CSS comment is placed inside the <style> element, and starts with /* and ends with */.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	By using the pwd command.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	By using the ls command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	By using rm <file>, you have to be careful because you could accidentally delete all of your
	work. 
    34. Why should I use version control?
	It's an easy way to handle changes made to a project by different developers working together. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as you make changes to your project.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	The git push command.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	1. Fork your repo
	2. Clone your repo using the code button
	3. Inside your CLI use "cd" to go to the directory where you're going to clone your forked repo.
	4. cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command
	5. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the
	repo
	6. Add and commit changes to your branch
	7. Push your changes back up to your github repo
	8. Sbmit a PR (Pull Request)
	9. Go back to your forked Project repo on github.